I told you I had a lot of relatives.
They're waiting to see my father.
They're going to talk to my father, which means they're going to ask him for something, which means they better get it right.
Because they know that no Sicilian will refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day.
No. His name is Luca Brasi. You wouldn't like him.
You really want to know?
You like spaghetti?
Then eat your spaghetti and I'll tell you a Luca Brasi story. She starts to eat her spaghetti. She begins eating, looking at him eagerly.
Once upon a time, about fifteen years ago some people wanted to take over my father's olive oil business. They had Al Capone send some men in from Chicago to kill my father, and they almost did.
My Father sent Luca Brasi after them. He tied the two Capone men hand and foot, and stuffed small bath towels into their mouths. Then he took an ax, and chopped one man's feet off...
Then the legs at the knees...
Then the thighs where they joined the torso.
Then Luca turned to the other man...
...who out of sheer terror had swallowed the bath towel in his mouth and suffocated. The smile on his face seems to indicate that he is telling a tall story.
I told you you wouldn't like him.
Tom...Tom, I'd like you to meet Kay Adams.
My brother, Tom Hagen.
Thanks Tom.
My brother Sonny found him living in the streets when he was a kid, so my father took him in. He's a good lawyer.
Sure.
He's my father's godson; he owes him his whole career.
Tom said he'd take care of it. The
For bravery.
For killing a man.
I fought for my country. It was my choice.
I'm going to finish school.
And what do you want for Christmas?
As long as I tell him beforehand he won't object. He'll be hurt, but he won't object.
For dinner. Unless I call and tell them we're still in New Hampshire.
Then we can have dinner, see a show, and spend one more night. He moves to the telephone.
Shhh, you be the long distance operator. Here.
Hello, Tom? Michael. Yeah... listen, we haven't left yet. I'm driving down to the city with Kay tomorrow morning. There's something important I want to tell the old man before Christmas. Will he be home tomorrow night?
No.
I'm thinking about it.
No, I would not like you better if you were Ingrid Bergman. She cannot answer him. Rather she pulls him by the arm, back to the newsstand, and points. His face goes grave. The headlines read: &quot;
They don't say if he's dead or alive.
Thanks. He moves to
You heard from Tom yet? Without looking up, she clings to him for a moment, and trembles. Occasionally,
C'mon. He leads her into his father's office without knocking.
How's Mom?
I can help you out...
Jesus Christ, he's my father, Sonny.
What?
Clemenza? No, I don't believe it.
How can you be sure?
Is it going to be all-out war, like last time?
Then wait, Sonny. Talk to Pop.
That's not how Pop would have played it.
All right, Sonny. All right.
Is it like they say? Is he that good? Outside, we
Hello. Kay?
He'll be OK.
Yeah Kay, I'm here.
Huh?
I can't...
Look. I'll see you tonight, OK?
To the city.
I don't need them, Sonny. I'm just going to see Pop in the hospital. Also, I got other things.
Visiting hour ends at eight thirty. I'll just sit with him; I want to show respect.
I don't think so. You don't want to end up on page 3 of the Daily News.
I don't think so either. I better go.
I want you to go back to New Hampshire...think things over. He leans over her; kisses her.
Goodbye. Quietly, he moves out the door.
Hello? Hello? Now he knows something is happening, he moves quickly, alertly.
I'm Michael Corleone--this is my father. What happened to the detectives who were guarding him?
You just stand here one minute...
Sonny...Sonny--Jesus Christ, I'm down at the hospital. I came down late. There's no one here. None of Tessio's people--no detectives, no one. The old man is completely unprotected.
I won't panic. He hangs up; returns to the
You and I are going to move my father right now...to another room on another floor...Can you disconnect those tubes so we can wheel the bed out?
You've read about my father in the papers. You've seen that no one's here to guard him. Now I've just gotten word that men are coming to this hospital to kill him. Believe me and help me.
Hurry, into there. They push it into the first available room.
Who is it?
Enzo, get out of here. There's going to be trouble.
Go outside; stand in front...I'll be out in a minute.
Pop...Pop, it's me Michael. Shhhh, don't try to speak. There are men who are coming to try to kill you. But I'm with you...I'm with you now... The
Get rid of those and look like you've got a gun in your pocket. The windows of the hospital twinkle with Christmas decorations.
Listen... We
What happened to the detectives who were supposed to be guarding my father?
I'll stay until you put guards around my father's room.
How much is the Turk paying you to set my father up, Captain? Without any warning, Mc
Christ, Sonny really means business. They continue walking.
Cut it out.
We can't wait. No matter what Sollozzo say about a deal, he's figuring out how to kill Pop. You have to get Sollozzo now.
Let's say now that we have to kill McCluskey. We'll clear that up through our Newspaper contacts later.
They want me to go to the conference with Sollozzo. Set up the meeting for two days from now. Sonny, get our informers to find out where the meeting will be held. Insist it has to be a public place: a bar or restaurant at the height of the dinner hour. So I'll feel safe. They'll check me when I meet them so I won't be able to carry a weapon; but Clemenza, figure out a way to have one planted there for me. Then I'll kill them both. Everyone in the room is astonished; they all look at
Sonny, it's all personal, and I learned it from him, the old man, the Godfather. He took my joining the Marines personal. I take Sollozzo trying to kill my father personal, and you know I'll kill them Sonny.
How bad will it be?
Why don't you stop living like a bum and get this place cleaned up.
A million times.
O.K. How long do you think before I can come back?
I want to settle things tonight. I want my father left alone.
We're going to New Jersey?
Most important...I want a sure guarantee that no more attempts will be made on my father's life.
Is it all right if I go to the bathroom?
Now I can talk. I feel much better. The
Don Tommassino.
Calo and Fabrizzio are with me; nothing will happen.
I know.
Corleone.
I was told that my Grandfather was murdered on its main street; and his murderers came to kill my father there when he was twelve years old.
Don Tommassino...I should see this place.
No...I would like to walk to Corleone. The
How do you know I come from America?
Only the son of a Pezzonovanta.
Yes.
Shhhhh. He settles down to watch. The
What are you talking about?
She wore a red dress, and a red ribbon in her hair. She looks more Greek than Italian. Do you know a beauty like that? As
Innkeeper. More wine!
Tell him to come to me. The two
I understand I've offended you by talking about your daughter. I offer you my apologies, I'm a stranger in this country, I don't know the customs very well. Let me say this, I meant no disrespect to you or her...
I am an American hiding in Sicily from the police of my country. My name is Michael. You can inform the police and make your fortune but then your daughter would lose a father rather than gain a husband. In any case, I want to meet your daughter. With your permission and under the supervision of your family. With all decorum. With all respect. I am an honorable man.
When the proper time comes, I'll tell you everything that a wife's father should know.
Your daughter's name?
It's safer to teach you English.
Ciao, Don Tommassino.
Things went badly in Palermo?
Is that why there are more men on the walls?
What is it?
Get the car. I'll be leaving in ten minutes. Where's Calo?
No, she's going home to her family. She'll join me in a few weeks...
No, I'll get it. Where's Appolonia?
Tell Fabrizzio and wait for me in the car. He leaves the kitchen, after a quick sip of coffee. He looks out from the opening in the doorway.
Where the hell is he going?
No. No! His shout is drowned in the roar of a tremendous
Fabrizzio. Let your shepherds know that the one who gives me Fabrizzio will own the finest pastures in Sicily.
No.
I want children, I want a family. But I don't know when.
I could accept everything that's happened; I could accept it, but that I never had a choice. From the time I was born, you had laid this all out for me.
You wanted me to be your son.
Then why have I become a man like you?
A man has to choose what he will be. I believe that.
Why didn't Moe Green meet us at the airport?
You look good, too. They enter the suite.
No.
Come here a minute, Fredo.
Who are those girls?
Give them some money and send them home.
Get rid of them...
Johnny, the Corleone family is thinking of selling out all our interests in the Olive Oil business and settling here. Moe Greene will sell us his interest so it can be wholly owned by friends of the family.
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.
Johnny, the Don wants you to help us get started. We figure entertainment will be the big factor in drawing gamblers. We hope you'll sign a contract to appear five times a year for maybe a week long engagement. We hope your friends in the movies will do the same. We count on you to convince them.
Thanks.
Is my credit good enough to buy you out?
The hotel, the casino. The Corleone family wants to buy you out.
Your casino loses money. Maybe we can do better.
You're unlucky.
You took Freddie in because the Corleone family bankrolled your casino. You and the Corleone family are evened out. This is for business; name your price.
Is that why you thought you could slap Freddie around in public?
You straightened my brother out?
I have to go back to New York tomorrow. Think of your price.
The Don has semi-retired. I'm running the Family business now. So anything you have to say, say it to me.
Freddie, you're my older brother. I love you. But don't ever take sides with anybody against the Family again.
I have to see my father and his people when we get back to the Mall.
We'll go to the show tomorrow night--we can change the tickets.
No, you eat...don't wait up for me.
Let
I'm busy.
Let me think about it, O.K.? She smiles;
In six months you can break off from the Corleone Family and go on your own. Carlo, I'm counting on you to make the move to Nevada; you'll be my right-hand man out there. Tom Hagen is no longer the Consigliere.
He's going to be our lawyer in Vegas. Nobody goes to him with any other business as of now, this minute. No reflection on Tom; that's the way I want it. Besides, if I ever need any advice, who's a better Consigliere than my father.
Maybe less...
No. I want things very calm for another six months.
All I can say is that things are being resolved that are more effective than a thousand buttonmen on the streets. Understood? There are uneasy looks all around.
I'll come to you when I need you. He looks at
All right, then it's resolved.
Tom, we're going to be legitimate all the way, and you're the legal man. What could be more important than that.
How did you find out?
Not so perfectly if you noticed.
You're not a wartime Consigliere. Things may get tough with the move we're trying.
You're out, Tom.
I'm going to talk to my father.
I'll need him.
How?
Yes.
I've always respected you... A long silence. The
He talked to you?
Christ, Tom; I needed more time with him. I really needed him.
Not all...I needed another four months and I would have had them all. I guess you've figured it all out?
I know now. I'll make them call me Don.
A week from tonight. In Brooklyn on Tessio's ground, where I'll be safe.
But after the Baptism. I've decided to stand as godfather to Connie's baby. They look up. The coffin is lowered into an excavation, behind which stands an enormous stone monument; it is of a weeping angel, with the bold inscription:
Yes, I promise.
I do renounce him.
I do renounce them.
I do wish to be baptized.
Carlo...we've had a change in the plans. Mama, Connie, Kay and the kids will have to take the trip out to Vegas without us.
Go back to your house and wait for me... He kisses
I'll just be a couple of days... People are guided to the correct limousines; they start to drive off.
You have to answer for Santino.
You fingered Sonny for the Barzini people. That little farce you played out with my sister. Did Barzini kid you that would fool a Corleone?
Barzini is dead. So is Philip Tattaglia, so are Strachi, Cuneo and Moe Greene...I want to square all the family accounts tonight. So don't tell me you're innocent; admit what you did.
Don't be frightened. Do you think I'd make my sister a widow? Do you think I'd make your children fatherless? After all, I'm Godfather to your son. No, your punishment is that you're out of the family business. I'm putting you on a plane to Vegas--and I want you to stay there. I'll send Connie an allowance, that's all. But don't keep saying you're innocent; it insults my intelligence and makes me angry. Who approached you, Tattaglia or Barzini?
Good, good. Leave now; there's a car waiting to take you to the airport.
I'll call your wife and tell her what flight you're on.
Speak your mind.
No. This I have to do.
Sit in the car.
Where's the boss?
Get her home and get a doctor. The
She's hysterical. But
Don't ask me.
All right, this one time I'll let you ask about my affairs, one last time.
No.