[B-Real talking]
A lot of a, sharks out there, try'na take a bite of somethin'
What's hot
Lot of chameleons out there, try'na change up
Anytime somethin' new comes along, everybody wants a bite
Don't happen overnight

[Chorus]
So you want to be a rock superstar? 
And live large 
A big house. Five cars, You're in charge. 
Comin' up in the world. 
Don't trust nobody got to look over your shoulder constantly

I remember the days when I was a young kid growing up
Looking in the mirror, dreaming about blowin' up 
The rock crowds. Make money. Chill with the honeys. 
Sign autographs and whatever the people want from me.
Shit's funny how impossible dreams manifest 
And the games that be comin' with it 
Nevertheless, you got to go for the gusto 
But you don't know about the blood, sweat, and tears and 
Losin' some of your peers.

And losin' some of yourself to the years past, gone by 
Hopefully it don't manifest for the wrong guy 
Egomaniac and the brainiac don't know how to act 
Shit's deep 
48 track studio gangsta mack sign the deal 
Think he's gonna make a mil but never will 
'Til he crosses over, still 
Fillin' your head with fantasies 
Come with me 
Show the sacrifice it takes to make the G's 

You want to be a rock superstar in the biz 
And take shit from people who don't know what it is 
I wish it was all fun and games 
But the price of fame is high 
And some can't pay the way 
Feel trapped in
What you rappin' about? 
Tell me what happened when you lost clout? 
The route you took started collapsing 
No fans. No fame. No respect. No change. No women and
Everybody shits on your name. 

[Chorus: x2]

People see rock stars, you know what I'm sayin'? But you still try to get out 
More like everybody else, you know, its a fun job, but its still a job. There's 
Gonna be another cat comin' out,
Looking like me, sounding like me next year. I know this. It'll be a flipside 
Tell what you did someone trying to spin off like some circus.

You ever have big dreams? Or makin' big cream? 
Big shot, heavy hitter on the mainstream 
You want to look trendy in the Bentley 
Be a star band, never act friendly. 
You want to have big fame 
Let me explain what happens to these stars and their big brains 
First they get played like all damn day 
Long as you sell everything will be ok 
Then you get dissed by the media and fans 
Things never stay the same way they began 
I heard that some never get fooled to the fullest 
That's why fools end up dining on a bullet 
Think everything's fine in the big time 
See me in my Lex with the chrome ray shine 
So you roll far and live large 
It ain't all that goes with being a rock star

[Chorus: x2]

My own son don't know me 
I'm chillin' in a hotel room, lonely 
But I thank God I'm with my homies 
But sometimes I wish I was back home 
But only no radio or video's gonna show me no love 
They're phony 
Got to hit the road solely so the record gets pushed by Sony 
I'm in the middle like Monie 
And the press say that my own people disown me 
The best way back to keep your head straight 
Never inflate the cranium 
They're too worried about them honeys at the Palladium 
Who just want to cling on, swing on, and so on 
Go on fall off - the ho's fall off 
To the next rock superstar with no shame 
Give him a year and they'll be right out the game 
The same as the last one who came before him 
Gained fame started getting' ignored 
I warned him 
Asured him this ain't easy 
Take it from the weazy 
Sleazy people want to be so cheesy 
They're fucking evil 
Assassins, assassins

[Chorus: x2]