Stay out!

You couldn’t see the clearing from the road
So, alone I sit, my legs folded and eyes closed
This is the place that I go
To come to grips that my sanity’s juxtaposed
With insanity, overload
And I’m afraid of my soul
When I’m back here, I’m all alone
There ain’t no screaming for help
When you're gone, they’ll never know

All the way to the drowning
Heavy stick in my hand and my heart, it keeps pounding
I'm holding them under
And their faces turn blue and I'm watching for wonder
See I hunt them like wild lions
And I catch em and kill em and cut em with hunting knife
Taxidermy like Mormons, stuff their body with leaves and replace vital organs
The thing that's important, is to never dispose of the edible organs
Delicious and morbid like a bucket of blood and a handful of organs
A place in the woods, where no one will hear you dying or seeing you live again
Rest here, you're home now, I'll keep you here with all of them

Sometimes when you look in the woods, the woods... Look back
"I don't like to be-" there's no one in the…
I am the woods
Do you believe in the devil?
I- I shouldn't of gone in there
Stop going there, -do you go in there for?
"Hey, stay out of the woods!"

Off in the shadows on darkest of nights
There stands the heartless, his targets in sight
Underbrush overgrown, death stays hidden
Moss growth camouflage, body parts missin'
Trophy collection connected to the prize
Like to hear em scream, always look em in the eyes
Where my disguise is the face of a victim
Get excited everytime I knife sticks em
Watch em die in a place in the woods, the sensation feel so good
Drag em to the cabin, singing and laughing
Addicted to the feelin', so appealin' is the killin'

Sometimes when you look in the woods, the woods... Look back
"I don't like to be-" there's no one in the…
I am the woods
Do you believe in the devil?
I- I shouldn't of gone in there
Stop going there, -do you go in there for?
"Hey, stay out of the woods!"

I'm taking them antlers, night is black as a panther
Lost in the rapture as I torture the victim I've captured
No hearin' the screams of me stabbin' behind, on the side of vacational cabins
There’s darkly shadows somewhere deep in woods where I have them
Tall trees, and the leaves they love the breeze
It’s so peaceful and secluded with horror you can’t believe
The begger repeating "please", broken down upon your knees
Hands quiver, come now bleed out until it reds the streets

They wanna get up inside of my head, never
I don't care what the doctors said
In the woods with a bag full of smoke for cover
It just makes me feel better, just keeping it real when I
Tell you not to go in the woods
Cause I’m back there and I will sever
Head from neck, put em in a hole
And I call the show cause it’s dug fresh
Anything left, dig another hole
And burn that shit like I’m learnin' it
Crime scene tight like a tourniquet
In the woods I’m on my murder shit
Love to watch the blood squirt a bit
Just cover it up with the dirt like this