We havin' big thangs.
Ice Cube, the only nigga that can bring Too $hort out of retirement.
Representin' money.
Hmm, beeitch.

[Ice Cube, Too $hort]
Wise crackin' felines, uh. 
Can a nigga make a bee-line
To that nappy area?  Don't want to marry ya;
Just want to bury ya head in a pillow.
Sorry, but I got a kill yo' pussy-willow.
Janked ass penicillin; ain't got ta ask how ya feelin';
I'm tha nigga that got ya squealin'.
Ya want to know how we keep these hos in check? 
Keep them broke, and keep their panties soakin' wet.
I like to smoke big, ride fat, and always stack cash.
Believe me, keep her breezy with her fat ass.  (Fat ass.) 
Big thangs on my mind; ain't trippin' at all.
They call me $hort, but I got a big dick in my drawers;
I feel like a giant sometimes; bitch, don't stare,
You'll go blind from my diamonds
Tryin' ta size me up, but basketball I ain't playin'.
Call a tech; blow the whistle; throw the bitch out the game.

[Chorus]
We havin' big thangs, (like it's the thang to do;) 
Big thangs, baby, ($hort Dawg and Cube.) 
We havin' big thangs, (like it's the thang to do;) 
Big thangs, baby, (you know it's true; really doe.)
 
[Ice Cube, Too $hort]
Now how can I let this bitch run it,
When her ass ain't never felt the seats of a six hunnit?  (Now.) 
Tricks, we take shits at the rents; we don't get excited 
Over long hair and big tits.
$hort Dawg, they get hella weak when I tell the freak 
We the richest niggas that you gonna ever meet.
We got bosses in the back, countin' the stack.
We got cunts in the front, with Hennesey and blunts.
Now what you want? 
She want to get fucked all night long; bitch, what's up? 
You know I got a tight song;
Heard me on the radio; I can't go wrong.
But you ain't got no features; this can't go on.
You're like a bundle of joy, but you're unemployed.
You ain't throwin', so the pussy is just null and void.
Do you really understand what I'm tellin' you?
Looks can be deceiving, and bitch, I ain't even feelin' you.

[Chorus x 2]

Best believe me; it ain't easy, to be off the heazee.

[Ice Cube, Too $hort]
You can try and figure out the new shit we on.
Before you break yourself make yourself at home.
Give thanks, when it's Ice Cube, $hort Dawg, and Ant Banks.
We all platinum; now ya got ta add francs
To the salary; that'll be cash or charge.
So large; got a whole floor actin' mirage.
We like big thangs; we like runnin' big trains
Of big beautiful bitches with big brains.
Bitches with big brains; I went to Spelman College
To see if my dick could get some higher knowledge.
But pussy is pussy, from Bel-Air to the projects;
Bitch better suck my dick.
Ain't nothin' new; the game is old.
You think the bitch is decent, and that's the same old ho;
Used to f*ck the whole crew; we was ballin', man.
Westside!  You know we doin' big thangs.

[Chorus]

[Ice Cube, $hort Dawg]
We off that heazee, bitch.
Beeeyyyitch.
Hey $hort, give 'em yo' part.
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, make me rich.
Do all that shit.
She can even lick my dick, but I ain't lickin' no clits.
West-sieede.  Westside!