Yo man, what you need?
Yo uh, man, I need something, man
I need a twenty, man
What you got, man?
I, I got this rope chain, man
Man, this look like that gold on a rose shit from the swap meet
It's real, man, it's real
This shit ain't real, man
You better get the f*ck outta here and come back with some money, man
C'mon man, be cool, man
Y'all Mexicans always come with this shit

Yo, Dre! Kick in the bass!

Ooh, that's funky, that's funky
Like nine cans of shaving powder, that's funky

It was once said by a man who couldn't quit
Dope man please, can I have another hit?
The dope man said "Cluck, I don't give a shit
If your girl kneel down and suck my dick"
It all happened and the guy tried to choke her
Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothing but a smoker
That's the way it goes, that's the name of the game
Young brother getting over by slanging 'caine
Gold around his neck and 14K heavy
Bitches clockin' on his dick 24/7
Plus he's makin' money, keep the base heads waiting
Rollin' '64 with the fresh ass Daytons
Living in Compton, California CA
His Uzi up your ass if he don't get paid
Nigga beggin' for a credit, he's knocking out teeth
Clocking much dollars on the 1st and 15th
Big wad of money, nothing less than a twenty
Yo, you want a five? Oh, the dope man's got plenty
To be a dope man, boy, you must qualify
Don't get high off your own supply
From a key to a G, it's all about money
10 piece for a 10, base pipe comes free
If people out there are not hip to the fact
If you see somebody gettin' money for crack he's the

Dope man, dope man (Hey, man, give me a hit)
Dope man, dope man (Yo man, f*ck that shit)
Dope man, dope man (We just can't quit)
Dope man, dope man (Well suck this, bitch)

Wait a minute, wait a minute, who the f*ck are you talking to?
Do you know who the f*ck I am?
Man, I can't believe this shit
This bitch is tryna gank me
Yo, I will slap you upside your head with nine inches of limp dick

You need a nigga with money, so you get a dope man
Juice that fool for as much as you can
She likes his car and he get with her
Got a black eye 'cause the dope man hit her
Let that slide and you pay it no mind
Find that he's slapping you all the time
But that's OK 'cause he's so rich
And you ain't nothing but a dope man's bitch
Do what he say and you keep your mouth shut
Poppin' that trash might get you fucked up
Will sit and cry if the dope man strike you
He don't give a f*ck, he got two just like you
There's a another girl in the dope man's life
Not quite a bitch but far from a wife
Just call her Strawberry and everybody know
Strawberry, Strawberry is the neighborhood hoe
Do anything for a hit or two
Give the bitch a rock, she f*ck the whole damn crew
It might be your wife and it might make you sick
Come home and see her mouth on the dope man's dick
Strawberry, just look and you will see her
But don't f*ck around, she'll give you gonorrhea
And people out there not hip to the fact
That Strawberry is a girl selling pussy for crack to the

Dope man, dope man (Hey, man, give me a hit)
Dope man, dope man (Yo man, f*ck that shit)
Dope man, dope man (In your face)
Yo Dre! Kick in the bass!

Ooh, that's funky, that's funky
Like nine cans of shaving powder, that's funky

If you smoke 'caine, you a stupid motherfucker
Known around the hood as the schoolyard clucker
Doing that crack with all the money you got
On your hands and knees, searchin' for a piece of rock
Jonesin' for a hit and you're lookin' for more
Done stole the Alpine out of Eazy's '64
You need your ass whooped 'cause it's out of this earth
Can't get a ten piece, need a dollar fifty worth
Knucklehead nigga, yeah, you turned into a crook
But swear up and down, boy, that you ain't hooked
You beat your friend up and you whooped his ass long
'Cause he hit the pipe 'til the rock was all gone
You're robbin' and stealin', buggin' and illin'
While the dope man's dealin', what is healing your pain?
Cocaine, this shit's insane
Yo, E, she's a berry, let's run a train
"Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch" Me neither
Hoe go home and wash out your beaver
And niggas out there messin' up people's health
Yo, what the f*ck you gotta say for yourself?

Well, I'm the dope man
Yeah, boy, wear corduroy
Money up to here but unemployed
You keep smokin' that rock and my pocket's gettin' bigger
"Yo, got that five-O double up, nigga"
Yeah, high rollin', big money I'm foldin'
Bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holdin'
Strung strawberry jocking me so early
Hoe, you want a hit, you gotta get your knees dirty
Now, that's my life, that's how it's cut
"Hey, dope man" Bitch, shut the f*ck up
Gotta make a run, it's a big money deal
Gankers got the fake but you can get the real from the

Dope man, dope man (Yeah, that's me)
Dope man, dope man (Yo, can I get a g?)
Dope man, dope man (Clock as much as he can)
F*ck this shit, who am I? (The dope man!)

Yo, Mister dope man, you think you're slick
You sold crack to my sister and now she's sick
But if she happens to die because of your drug
I'm putting in your culo a .38 slug