"Don't you know, don't you know"
See this is worldwide baby
"That it's wrong"
Germany, Italy, France, Japan

"To take what is given"
Many foreign lands,
Talkin' bout {Ha!) Queens

I'm talking bout, Brooklyn
I'm talking bout, Uptown
I'm talking bout, downtown

Oh y'all with this too Jerz!
The girl like, Strong Isle (oh they wild)
The girl like, Connecticut
Yo they get them, they need to get more shout-outs up there, word up
"To take what is given " 

Breaker breaker one-nine, I had a rendezvous
Pop vintage wine with this dime, hot as a barbecue {Ha!)
She was young, too wild without a curfew {HA!)
Smile I hurt you, had me goin' berzerk too

I'm guaranteeing she'll be leanin' in the coupe
Fiendin' for your loot, little demon schemin' for Tiffany hoops {Ha!)
Yeah, her right there, Dominicans is doin' her hair
The jewels and gear, it's all there, fully equipped

Body sick, she never played fair, yeah
Far from classy, walk real nasty
Talk real sassy, why you frontin'? Come smash me

I can't do it baby-girl, your man might blast me for 
I can't die for American Pie
Hypnotized 'cause somebody combined thighs and lies, but it's 
No surprise, your pipe will rise

Don't bounce with her, puff a ounce with her, not wise, not with
Papi chill, get sloppy, get killed by 
Blood streams the guillotine f'real, yeah 
Pop bottles with hot models and rock throttles

I guess your motto is I'm a desperado
Leave {HA!) alone, end up like Castellano
Believe me, she flap her gums like Sammy Gravano
It's easy, child barely an Italiano
But don't do it, she'll have your eight by ten on every channel

[Chorus]
No honey can set your body on fire like
Make you want to get higher and higher with
Put your murder game down so you can buy it for
Street dreams, you gon' hustle and retire with
Walk in the crib, filled with desire for
SL, the rims and the tires for
Third strike, and all of your priors for
Gave up your whole empire for 

She do it so fluid it's hard to see through it, 'til it's too late
You want to time travel and re-do it, but wait
You a inmate, or worse at the pearly gates
Damn, all because you and {HA!) had an early date

Close your eyes, recognize, visualize
What's the real reason you really freezing them pies, huh? 
Tan lines, strawberry oil on the thighs
Got you subconsciously contemplating suicide

Should of learned, remember how your man died?
Grabbed his iron, it was time to ride for 
Multiple homicides, taking lives for 
He's dead and gone, the next man's deep inside 

Check one-two, I select a few
Jewels for those of you, who are still confused
She's an obstacle, hot and tropical
Fatty so rockable, that anything's possible with 

[Chorus]

Cheese fantasies, dodgin' the D's to please 
Livin' life on a flyin' trapeze to keep 
Who's the one you want? Who you want to flaunt?
She haunted, but who's the only bird you ever want? 

Why you sell drugs? Why you a thug?
Why do fools always seem to fall in love with 
More advances than technology
Every day I stack chips, whether music or flicks

All these transparent cliques full of devilish politics
Wish they could take my longevity and bottle it for 
But they can't so they kill for Grants
Smuggle iron in the party, pop (ex) for hot sex with 

Love's an illusion, mental and emotional confusion
Instant gratification oozing
Exotic temptress, eyes just like a empress
Split game relentless, I had to represent Miss 

[Chorus: x2]

Yeah, oh yeah 
It's my 10th album, ha ha 
Hehe, and you don't stop 
I said this my 10th album, uh-huh, oh yeah yea yea, yeah 
And you won't stop, know what I mean? 
10 baby {Ha!)
Easy
"To take what is given"
We right baby, huh