She came from Greece,
She had a thirst for knowledge.
She studied sculpture at Saint Martin's College.
That's where I caught her eye. 

She told me that her Dad was loaded.
I said, in that case I'll have a rum and coca-cola.
She said fine, and in thirty seconds time she said,

I want to live like common people.
I want to do whatever common people do.
I want to sleep with common people.
I want to sleep with common people, like you.

Well, what else could I do?
I said, I'll see what I can do.

I took her to a supermarket.
I don't know why, but I had to
Start it somewhere, so it started there. 

I said, pretend you've got no money.
She just laughed, and said
Oh you're so funny. I said, yeah? 
Well, I can't see anyone else smiling in here.

Are you sure you want to live like common people?
You want to see whatever common people see?
You want to sleep with common people?
You want to sleep with common people, like me? 
But, she didn't understand, 

She just smiled and held my hand. 

Rent a flat above a shop. 
Cut your hair and get a job. 
Smoke some fags and play some pool. 
Pretend you never went to school. 

But still, you'll never get it right. 
When you're lying in bed at night 
Watching roaches climb the wall, 
If you called your Dad he could stop it all.
Yeah. 

You'll never live like common people
You'll never do whatever common people do.
You'll never fail like common people.
You'll never watch your life slide out of view, 
And dance and drink and screw

Because there's nothing else to do. 

Sing along with the common people.
Sing along, and it might just get you thru.'

Laugh along with the common people.

Laugh along, even though they're laughing at you

And the stupid things that you do 
'Cause you think that poor is cool. 

Like a dog lying in a corner,
They'll bite you and never warn you.
Look out.

They'll tear your insides out
'Cause everybody hates a tourist.

'Cause Everybody hates a tourist,
Especially one who thinks
It's all such a laugh.

Yeah, and the chip stains' grease
Will come out in the bath.

You will never understand
How it feels to live your life
With no meaning or control
And with nowhere left to go.

You're amazed that they exist
And they burn so bright,
While you can only wonder why.

Rent a flat above a shop. 
Cut your hair and get a job. 
Smoke some fags and play some pool. 
Pretend you never went to school. 

But still, you'll never get it right. 
'Cause When you're lying in bed at night 

Watching roaches climb the wall, 
If you called your Dad he could stop it all.
Yeah. 

You'll never live like common people

You'll never do what common people do.
You'll never fail like common people.
You'll never watch your life slide out of view 
And dance and drink and screw
Because there's nothing else to do.

I want to sing with common people, like you.
I want to sing with common people, like you.
I want to sing with common people, like you.