Terror, this is what you call me.

I strike terror among men.
I can't be bothered by what they think
I bear my cross my soul myself
I forgive but I never forget.
I've been put upon this Earth in female form, 
But I can handle myself from the best of you.
As well as the worst
And I often have
I have the right to remain silent, but I choose to speak, sing, scream.
I have lips hips tits
I am the power of a woman, strong like music, true like friendship, but without my friends, there would be no music, only spoken words.

Fucker!

I am able to change so i live without regret. without remorse only mixed feelings.
I am drunk, I am sober.
Heaven doesn't want me, Hell's afraid I'll take over.
Don't bother trying to sensor me, or shut me up, because it won't work.
I'm cold and distant, yet warm and close 
to those who deserve to see that side of me, a part of me the heart of me
You find me so hard to understand in your world
The world you perceive to be so normal
I am deformed, scorned, reborn
I am me and I know exactly who I am, what I am and the wrath that I bring
The ugly beauty
The lying truth
The virgin whore
The quiet storm
A lover, a fighter, a saint, a sinner, a sister, a daughter, old school, a beginner
I have decorated myself with love, hate, truth, you, all of you, both of you, none of you, more than one of you. 

Fucker!

With lips like sugar, eyes like meat, I've watched men come, go, cheat
I sleep to dream and dream of sleep
I had a dream Joe, that you were standing in the middle of an open road
I had a dream Joe that your hands were raised up to the sky and your mouth was covered in foam
I have been crucified, justified and mortified by my behavior
Both feminine and masculine
I'm a contradiction a juxtaposition
My release is my relief and only time will tell
All's well that ends well
I am unsweetened unclean, been called drama queen
Ex girlfriend ex-member
The tantrum the temper
I point my finger, take the blame
And this time I will only name
Because nobody is going to ruin me
If I have to, I will ruin myself
And it will be 'MY RUIN'

Fucker!