Now on the day of Pentecost, when it was fully Come, they were all in one place, they were all with one accord. And sound came down from Heaven, as rushing mighty wind, and it filled the whole house, the Spirit came on in. Now you don't have to wonder, Who was in the House, it was the power of the Holy Ghost, that's what we're singing about. We need.
Chorus1: Power in the house, We need Power in the house, Nothing but Power in the house, Holy Ghost Power, in the house! 
Now when all this took place, they began to Speak with tongues. Tongues like fire that filled everyone! But if you look at churches today, so many have gone a stray, not much singing, not much shouting, they don't even want to pray. But you don't have to wonder, what's going on inside, the devil just stepped right in, and took them all for a ride. We need....
Chorus 2: Power in the house, We need Power in the house, Nothing but Power in the house, Santified Power in the house! 
Now the Lord told his people, come on in the Upper room, the Apostles were there, the disciples were there, and the mother of Jesus too, and if they had to be endowed, with power from on high, what about you? What about me? We cannot, get by! But listen; You don't have to wonder, what's being said to you. Clap your hands and stomp your feet and let the Power come on through...We need. Chorus 2
We need Power! Power! Come on in!
Bridge: I said Come on in (if you are a liar), Come on in (if you are a back biter) Come on in (turn around and walk on in here) Come on in (if you are a drug addict), Come on in, (Need to get on in here) Come on in, (Need to get on in here).Come on in, (Let me tell you who is in the House, y'all,) Come on in, (Let me tell you who is in the House, y'all!) Come on in, (Let me tell you who is in the House, y'all!!!)
* {{ VAMP }}: Jesus in the House!! Jesus in the House!!, Jesus in the House!!, (If you really want to know) Jesus in the House!! (He's the power in the House), Jesus in the House!! (He's the power in the House) Jesus in the House!! (Come on and help me say it!) Jesus in the House! (Come on and help me say it!) 
Jesus in the House!(Yes HE is) Jesus in the House! (Yes HE is) Jesus in the House! (Yes HE is).
Jesus in the House! (Yeah) Jesus in the House! (Yeah) Jesus in the House! (He'll shake you up) Jesus in the House! (He'll turn you around) Jesus in the House! (Oh Holy Father) Jesus in the House! (Yes HE is) Jesus in the House! Jesus in the House! (Yes HE is) Jesus in the House! (Yes HE is) Jesus in the House! (Yes HE is).
Power.... Power ...come on in! Yeah!